[FEAT] Add a new demo: ICPM 2022 (#415)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples: demo/icpm-2022/README.md

# Getting started

> A Javascript demo to `bpmn-visualization` using a process mining scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Javascript demo to `bpmn-visualization` showing a Process Mining scenario (Conformance and Compliance).
```

- [__⏩ live environment__](https://cdn.statically.io/gh/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples/master/demo/icpm-2022/index.html)
- to run locally, open the [index.html](index.html) directly in a Web Browser

## ♻️ Usage
The code of the demo is hosted in a dedicated repository: https://github.com/process-analytics/icpm-demo-2022/

> This example displays the solution of the tutorial in an iframe. The solution itself is hosted at https://process-analytics.github.io/icpm-demo-2022/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example displays the live demo in an iframe. The live demo itself is hosted at https://process-analytics.github.io/icpm-demo-2022/.
```
